# Proactive-Attrition-Management-Telecom-Churning_Logistic-Regression_SAS

Business Case Overview: This case requires trainees to develop a model for predicting customer churn at “Cell2Cell,” a fictitious wireless telecom company, and use insights from the model to develop an incentive plan for enticing would-be churners to remain with Cell2Cell. Data for the case are available in csv format. The data are a scaled down version of the full database generously donated by an anonymous wireless telephone company. There are still 71,047 customers in the database, and 75 potential predictors. Trainees can use whatever method they wish to develop their predictive model. Logistic regression is perhaps the most obvious choice and is adequate for the task. The data are available in one data file with 71,047 rows that combines the calibration and validation customers. “calibration” database consisting of 40,000 customers and a “validation” database consisting of 31,047 customers. Each database contained (1) a “churn” variable signifying whether the customer had left the company two months after observation, and (2) a set of 75 potential predictor variables that could be used in a predictive churn model. Following usual model development procedures, the model would be estimated on the calibration data and tested on the validation data. At the time, Cell2Cell’s churn rate was about 2% per month. However, data set has been created the calibration database so that it contained roughly 50% churners. The validation data contained 2% churners. This case requires both statistical analysis and creativity/judgment.
